add GetSeUserByName, fallback to failsafe context in GetDefaultContextWithLevel (#1)
gravitational/selinux: README.md

# selinux

> This fork exists to add needed functionality for Teleport SSH's SELinux support and will be upstreamed (if accepted).

Reviewer: Specifically what new functionality was added? Maybe also put this under its own heading so that it doesn't get lost with the rest of the text here? What functionality needs to exist upstream for this to be removed?

Author: Done

Common SELinux package used across the container ecosystem.

## Teleport Fork

This fork exists to add finding the correct SELinux user mapping from a Linux user and reading the `failsafe_context` file in `GetDefaultContextWithLevel`.

> This is required for Teleport SSH's SELinux support and will be upstreamed (if accepted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This fork exists to add finding the correct SELinux user mapping from a Linux user and reading the `failsafe_context` file in `GetDefaultContextWithLevel`. This is required for Teleport SSH's SELinux support.

This fork may be archived when the equivalent functionality exists upstream.
```
